samples: cellular: deprecate lte_ble_gateway sample (#22111)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/modem_shell/README.rst

To build the MoSh sample with Zephyr BT shell command support, use the :file:`-DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=bt.overlay` and :file:`-DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay-bt.conf` options.
When running this configuration, you can perform BT scanning and advertising using the ``bt`` command.

> You must program the *board controller* with the :ref:`bluetooth-hci-lpuart-sample` sample first, before programming the main controller with the modem_shell sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must program the *board controller* with the :ref:`bluetooth-hci-lpuart-sample` sample first, before programming the main controller with the :ref:`modem_shell_application` sample.
```

Program the board controller as follows:

1. Set the **SW10** switch, marked as *debug/prog*, in the **NRF52** position.
   On nRF9160 DK board version 0.9.0 and earlier versions, the switch was called **SW5**.
#. Build the :ref:`bluetooth-hci-lpuart-sample` sample for the ``nrf9160dk/nrf52840`` board target and program the board controller with it.

   .. note::
      To build the sample successfully, you must specify the board version along with the board target.
      The board version is printed on the label of your DK, just below the PCA number.

>       For example, for board version 1.1.0, the sample must be built in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      For example, for board version 1.1.0, build the sample as follows:
```

      .. parsed-literal::
         :class: highlight

         west build --board nrf9160dk@1.1.0/nrf52840

#. Verify that the programming was successful.
   Use a terminal emulator, like the `Serial Terminal app`_, to connect to the second serial port and check the output.
   See :ref:`test_and_optimize` for the required settings and steps.

> After programming the board controller, you must program the main controller with the modem_shell sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After programming the board controller, you must program the main controller with the :ref:`modem_shell_application` sample.
```

Program the main controller as follows:

1. Set the **SW10** switch, marked as *debug/prog*, in the **NRF91** position.
   On nRF9160 DK board version 0.9.0 and earlier versions, the switch was called **SW5**.
#. Build the sample for the ``nrf9160dk/nrf9160/ns`` board target and program the main controller with it.

   .. note::
      To build the sample successfully, you must specify the board version along with the board target.

>       For example, for board version 1.1.0, the sample must be built in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      For example, for board version 1.1.0, build the sample as follows:
```

      .. parsed-literal::
         :class: highlight

         west build -p -b nrf9160dk@1.1.0/nrf9160/ns -- -DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE="bt.overlay" -DEXTRA_CONF_FILE="overlay-bt.conf"

#. Verify that the programming was successful.

>    Use a terminal emulator, like the Serial Terminal app, to connect to the first serial port and check the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use a terminal emulator, like the `Serial Terminal app`_, to connect to the first serial port and check the output.
```
